[Music]
ken kabancho is a truly strange
beat-em-up that absolutely oozes charm
and style you assume the role of a high
school student who decides to ditch
learning and instead become the biggest
badass in town but he's not the only one
with this idea
with several other students from rival
schools also vying for the title now the
game affords the player a range of
powerful moves such as punches
kicks and throws to manage the folks
that roam the streets as you progress
through the adventure you are rewarded
with experience points and currency
which can then be used to unlock extra
moves and a huge amount of cosmetic
changes and items that will all help you
along the way the overall environment
that the game takes place in is
surprisingly large with over 45
different factions in which to locate
and overcome it is sure to last you
quite some time overall ken cabancho is
a solid game that every psp owner should
give a go
[Music]
sega rally revo is a port of the
playstation 3 and 360 versions of the
same name it manages to retain nearly
every aspect of its home console
counterpart and presents a rally
experience with a distinct arcade flavor
because of this there is not much of an
emphasis upon realism initials when
making your way around the track
each car does manage to feel unique but
only in raw speed the handling of every
machine
tends to steer towards a more accessible
and enjoyable nature that will see you
throwing them sideways into corners
without much regard now there are
several modes available to play
from time trial to quick race but
championship has to be the main
attraction and saves is the way in which
to unlock more cars and tracks that help
pad out the game and provide a
compelling and rewarding aspect to the
otherwise simple arcade
makeup
star soldier for the psp is essentially
a reimagining of the classic shooter
that released
way back in 1986 it is based on the
remakes for the playstation 2 and
gamecube which brings with it plenty of
new content and a unique way in which to
play by flipping the psp vertically it
is possible to enjoy this vertical
shooter in the way it was intended to be
played
a face that can be quite awkward getting
used to holding the hand held this way
but after some time it soon becomes
second nature jumping into gameplay
there are three separate ships in which
to choose from with each one possessing
slightly different attributes so trying
out each to see which suits you best is
p
to overcome the 10 levels that make up a
run every ship can be upgraded whilst on
the field for the use of items that
immensely adds to your overall
effectiveness and you'll definitely be
needing them for the bottom counters
which are the real star of the show
most of them take up the entire screen
and require you to figure out their
attack patterns and weaknesses whilst
dodging an insane amount of bullets
in my opinion star soldier is one of the
best shooters on the system and well and
truly deserves a spot
in your collection as well
[Music]
split second is a rather unique driving
game that sees players taking part in a
fictional reality
tv show with each volume for money and
victory now what makes it stand out when
compared to other races on the system is
the way in which you can alter the track
you are racing on through the use of a
special meter known as the power play by
performing well on the tracks such as
drafting your opponents and drifting
around corners or performing stunts such
as mid-air takeovers the meter slowly
builds and once activated
several obstacles are created on the
track from falling debris to new
shortcuts for you to choose
it manages to add a fresh take on the
usual gameplay found within driving
games and lens split second and identity
it can confidently call its own now
there are many subtle differences with
the psp vision
aside from the obvious downgraded
visuals there are several positive
additions such as more tracks and
gameplay modes that make it the best
version in my opinion so if you're
looking for some fast-paced racing on
the system and you've exhausted the
other options
split second is well worth a go
[Music]
r-type tactics transforms the popular
side-scrolling shooter into a turn-based
strategy game which sees players taking
command of a wide variety of units all
from the series history as you would
expect the differences between units
really help in the several situations
you'll find yourself in from close range
damage dealers to support and artillery
units that strike from afar there are
many options when it comes to advancing
which makes each skirmish all the more
enjoyable
there are free campaigns in total and
throughout each you will slowly earn and
unlock more units that grant you even
more abilities and options when it comes
to engaging the enemy which can have an
important
impact upon the gameplay with more than
200 available you'll never be at a loss
as to what to use
although it was only released in japan
it did receive fan translation which
makes the much more robust narrative
available for players in the west to
enjoy which in all honesty is far
superior to the first outing
taito legends powered up is a
compilation of 25 games that span
from 1978 to 2005. the amount of
diversity on offer makes the package an
extremely appealing option for any
player wishing to relive
golden years of gaming with such
classics as space invaders balloon
bomber and luna rescue to name a few
each of them come with a range of
customization options from button
configuration to difficulty to number of
lives and time limits depending on the
game but not all of them are simple
ports
there are several deluxe versions as
well that manage to reimagine the
originals with updated visuals and audio
which makes the compilation all the more
compelling now i'm not going to sit here
and attempt to break down
25 separate games so i can't really
comment on the merits of each inclusion
but with such a wide variety of genres
there is surely something that will
satisfy those who buy it
[Music]
me and my katamari is the third game in
the series and was the first time the
game was brought to life on a handheld
the gameplay retains much from the
previous titles and sees players taking
on the role of the prince
after the king of all cosmos destroys an
island you are tasked with creating
several new ones for the residents who
reside there now the basic objective
sees you rolling around each stage and
collecting as many items as possible
at first they can sound quite tedious
but the quippy and vibrant nature of the
experience will really help draw you in
and without a doubt you'll soon be
hooked
although due to the lack of a second
analog stick the control setup can take
a while to get used to but in no way
does it detract from the game with the
amount of levels and items to collect
there is a seriously good amount of
things to do
in order to fully complete the game you
have to collect each and every item
which
immensely adds to the overall replay
value of the experience
me and my katamari would make a great
addition to your collection
parodius portable is a sort of love
letter to the entire franchise
it brings together all of the main
releases into one package as well as a
pretty impressive remake of the original
game that released for the msx way back
in 1988. now for those not familiar with
it
perrodius is basically a side-scrolling
shooter with a rather comedic twist
you can play as several characters an
octopus or a penguin to name a couple
and then jump into a ship in which you
take on the several levels that comprise
each game as with most shooters you'll
find yourself coming into possession of
a wide variety of power-ups both
offensive and defensive in nature that
help even the odds against enemies
especially during boss fights which in
all honesty have to be the real
highlight of the experience
both in their design and function you'll
be encountering giant penguins and
ghastly ghosts that manage to bring a
real charm to the overall collection of
games if you're a fan of gradius or
r-type
parodius portable will be right up your
street and it might not be the best
shooter on the system but it will still
provide hours upon
hours of entertainment
mega man powered up is a rather cute and
interesting take on the mega man formula
you'll find yourself traversing a wide
variety of levels and acquiring a whole
host of special power-ups and abilities
that make the journey
all the more enjoyable from tossing
bombs to shooting projectiles there is
always an option at your fingertips but
what steals the show is the inclusion of
a hard mode which will test even the
most proficient of players without this
the overall game would come across quite
easy so it's a very nice inclusion
especially for veteran fans of the
franchise who will likely find the
challenge welcome as well
complimenting this is a rather robust
and well-thought-out construction mode
that allows you to essentially
create your own levels by playing
through the main game you slowly unlock
items and enemies to use for your own
creations
with this aspect of mega man power depth
soon becoming the most rewarding and
addictive part of the game just having
the ability to basically create an
infinite string of levels
truly propels the overall replay value
of the game if you're a fan of the
franchise or just the genre in general
mega man power depth is well worth a
[Music]
purchase
macross triangle frontier is loosely
based on the macros anime and sees
players jumping into a huge array of
machines that have the ability to
transform into several states
those primarily being fighter jets and
incredibly powerful max that grants you
a whole range of abilities in which to
take on the mission-based adventure as
you would expect each machine can be
fully customized with a whole host of
weapon loadouts and visual touches
that allow you to cater each to your
specific style of play may that be up
close and personal or attacking from a
distance there are a generous amount of
options that facilitate each way in
which to approach each mission
on top of this several character
specific abilities are included that
manage to help out during the more
intense situations you'll find yourself
encountering
out on the field the controls are tight
and responsive allowing you to engage
each enemy with confidence
visually the game is stunning and really
shows what the psp was capable of when
in the hands of the right developers if
this one passed you by
now would be the perfect time to jump in
and give it a go for yourself well that
does it for today's video
make sure you hit subscribe to stay up
to date on future videos and as always
thanks for watching
[Music]
you